IMPORTANT!
Before sending new bug reports, read the TODO file, Changelog file,
and this file. Do not report a bug that has already been reported.
Time we spend on reading duplicate bug reports could have been spent
on fixing them. Also note that these files are changed when new bugs
are found, so if you haven't read them for a while, please do so before
reporting a bug.

Don't expect a reply on your bug reports. Though we do appreciate them, it
would take too much time to reply to them all. All bugs will be noted
and addressed in time.

The TODO file contains verified bugs.
The Changelog file contains issues fixed since the last release.
This file contains issues that need further inspection before deciding
it's a bug.


Some general comments:
- Keyboard problems are very likely caused by your keyboard. Not all
  keyboards accept all combinations. Results may be that the new key is
  ignored, or the old key is seen as released (or both).
  The original PC sc2 had a key jamming program so you could test which
  combinations had problems. We intend to bring back in some form
  a key configurationg program and some key jammer (possibly the same
  program).
  The only keyboard I know that can accept every key at the same time being
  pressed are is an old BTC type. For typing it wasn't really that good
  though IMHO. [Meep-Eep]


The bugs reported but not yet verified:
- "Whenever i'm in autopilot mode in hyperspace and i enter into combat with
  the slylandro, the combat moves at the fastest speed possible"

- melee: "some times the bottom ships portrait appears on opposite side of
  the screen"

- "After visiting all the rainbow worlds and getting the new melnorme
  technology (enhancing your planet lander) you aren't able to land on
  planets anymore.  As soon as your lander hits the surface, it takes off
  again, as if a key was stuck down (which I checked for, of course..).  I'm
  sure this is just a minor problem in the lander code, but it does need to
  be fixed for sure."

- "Have the speech voices turned down? I noticed that even you have the speech
  voices off, it playes them and it takes a while until it has, how would I
  say it, "spoken" the speeches. Pretty annoying especially when you don't
  have the speeches on to just wait for an eternity for the conversation to
  stop. You notice this also by pressing space immidiately whent the Ur-Quan
  Drone pops up to bother you."

- "another difference or bug vs. pc version, the sun
  in all the large stars e.g. alpha centauri is too small"
  - The colors are wrong too, according to reports

- "For some odd reason, the new graphical menus are constantly freezing on
  me.  I've played 15 times so far.  10 times it froze while I was trying to
  use the menu (in regular, Bilateral, and Sai graphics modes), once while I
  was landing on a planet (Bilateral), once when talking to Fwiffo
  (Bilateral), once while leaving a planet (Bilateral), and twice as soon as
  I pressed the thrust key upon starting the game (only times I ever used
  SuperSai)." (slow computer)

- "The laser beam for the Arilou ship should be white (I think) but it is
  displayed as yellow in UQM."

- 1.) Using default graphics, windowed mode is is "empty".  Workaround is
      fullscreen or using opengl.
      AMD k62, 192RAM, win98se.  ATI Rage128, dx8.1.  Attach dxdiag.txt?
  3.) Game settings: Setting the sound to "off" makes a boink, setting to "on"
      doesn't. Seems the opposite would be more intuitive.  3D0 version
      check?
  5.) Lander "Report" text pages have green dots.
  6.) Harvesting: When choosing a landing site, the cursor stays black, making
      it hard to see on dark planet surface areas.
  7.) Starmap: expanding spheres of influence circles look cut off, choppy.
  8.) Lander shots are being blocked by earthquake rings.  3D0 version check? 

- After the player gives the Syreen the Mycon egg sack, shouldn't there be
  a break in communication?  Talana says "Leave us, we have work to do" and I
  seem to recall from the PC version that there was a cutoff there which
  brought you back to the space navigation screen. When I played through this,
  there was no break and it immediately jumped to the next communication with
  the Syreen, in which she relates her plans for getting the Penetrators back.

- On the upper-right-hand corner of the screen, where the flagship is drawn
  together with the ships in the player's fleet, the modules that are drawn
  inside the flagship are off by one pixel to the left.

- < badalex> ok, im in hyper space right? and lets say one of those 
             probes comes to me... so we start the melee and i select a 
             ship, that all works, but after a select a ship the select a 
             ship screen dosent 'go' away so i can not see how, who, 
             what, im fighting (NOTE: seems to happen only in cvs, not alpha release)

- "Got a segfault too, on cvs version compiled today (2002/12/05), when activating Sun Device over 
   the Chmmr homeworld. Worked fine on 0.1 alpha."

- Unconfirmed report of lander cargo upgrade rendering as weapon upgrade

- In starmap, when any zone of influence is moving, the starmap cursor behaves badly 
  (erases what it passes over). Leaving and returning to the starmap fixes it

- Under FreeBSD, waiting on condition variables doesn't seem to
  actually wait or hand control to the renderer, thus spinlocking and
  crashing.
